Doctor, my nurse is coming soon, what's wrong with the patient?
Sorry, sorry.
My brother didn't do this before
He's a bit of that today
I have to say my mom can't drink that soup
Hey, forget it, didn't I say it before?
Patients can drink soup
You can even eat some hard foods in small amounts
How much you do affects our work?
And
Don't think you read a few broken books on the stall
I thought I was a great doctor
How will it affect our work if you do this?
Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
This chicken soup has wolfberry in it
My mom will be in trouble if she drinks it
Hahaha
Are you a doctor or am I a doctor?
Look at your outfit
Migrant workers in the open space
Move bricks maybe I'll listen to you
But what is this place?
This is a hospital.
Why do you command me?
Some People
I thought I watched some videos and books online
I feel like I can heal and save people
But I don't know that this is harming others
Miss Hou, what you said is
Is Mr. Hou okay in the hospital?
How are you doing?
Mr. Li has worked hard
It feels good, Mr. Hou, you are welcome.
People like me
To be able to talk to Mr. Hou like this
Learned people chat
It really increased his own cultivation and knowledge
Hey, dean, are you really such a migrant worker family?
The same ward as Mr. Monkey
I have to report to the dean later
Can't let such a vulgar person
Delay the repair I wrote to you
No. What do you mean by that?
Besides, this house is not us
Hey, stop talking, mom, mom, mom
You are really good at medicine